Categories -
Acrobat A Acrobat Hero is someone who relies on their aerobic and gymnastic abilities. Wether it's a natural skill, physical means, or through special means of power. Black Widow, Hawkman, and Nova
Armored A Armored Hero is someone who relies on a suit of powered armor. It can poses a variety of gadgets and weapons within the armor to be used by the user towards their advantage.Iron Man
Aquatic A Aquatic Hero is Simone who either come from living underwater or have learned to adapt to underwater conditions. Aquaman and Namor
Blaster A Blaster Hero is someone who's power derives from an energy blast and is able to use it from long distance. Cyclops and Starfire
Tank A Tank Hero is someone who has a degree of strength and endurance. For male Tankers they usually have a over sized muscular body. Hulk, Colossus, and she-Hulk
Elementalist  Elementalist Hero is someone who can manipulate some form of natural element or natural world. Magneto, Storm, and Iceman
Energizer A Energizer Hero is someone who can generate massive amounts of energy for combat by supernatural powers or solely for combat.Iron Fist
Feral A Feral Hero is someone who obtains their abilities from a bestial nature. Their powers could manifest itself partially, fully, or through therianthropic dual natures. Such abilities may consist of strength, speed, stamina, agility, reflexes, healing, etc.Wolverine and Beast
Gadgeteer A Gadgeteer Hero is someone who uses weapons and equipment towards their advantage.Batman
Ghost A Ghost Hero is someone who has ghost like powers such as invisibility, intangibility, or both.Kitty Pride, Martian Manhunter, and Invisible Women.
Healer A Healer Hero is someone who can recover or regenerate health from any form of harm done to themselves or others.Wolverine and Deadpool
Mage A Mage Hero is someone who is trained to use Magic.Doctor Fate, Doctor Strange, and Zatanna
Martial Arts A Martial Arts Hero is someone who's physical abilities are related to some form of martial arts. Some Martial Artists are superhuman, empowered by an external source, or extremely skilled and highly trained.
Iron Fist, Captain America, and Black Canary.
Mentalist A Mentalist Hero is someone who possesses Psionic ability such as; Telekinesis, Telepathy, and extra-sensory perception.Jean Grey, Professor X, and Emma Frost
Robotic A Robotic Hero is someone who is naturally derived from technology. This includes individuals who include remote controlled robots, cyborgs, and androids.
Red Tornado, Vision, and Cyborg.
Shapeshifter A Shapeshifter is someone who can manipulate their own body to suit their own needs. This could be mean as the following, Stretching, disguise, animal transformations, alien creatures, or inorganic materials.Mister Fantastic, Mystique, and Beast Boy.
